Deprecate acl_user_manager without implementing AdminAclUserManagerInterface (#6480)
sonata-project/SonataAdminBundle: UPGRADE-3.x.md

UPGRADE 3.x
===========

> ### Deprecated not configuring `acl_user_manager` and using ACL functionality when `friendsofsymfony/user-bundle` is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deprecated not configuring `acl_user_manager` and using ACL security handler when `friendsofsymfony/user-bundle` is installed.
```

> If you are using `friendsofsymfony/user-bundle` and using ACL functionality, you MUST explicitly configure the `acl_user_manager`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using `friendsofsymfony/user-bundle` and using ACL security handler, you MUST explicitly configure the `acl_user_manager`.
```
